# Art- building vocabulary

1. the state of looking or being like someone or something else resemblance
2. the words of a song lyrics
3. a category of music characterized by a particular style form or particular context genre
4. a domminant idea or central theme in music or art motifs
5. something that is accepted by most people in society mainstream
6. to change or develop slowly often into better more complex or more advanced state evolve
7. the point at which something begins its existence rooted
8. typical of particular group of people or of a particular thing representative


## Excersise:
* rooted: noun -> context adjetive?, has an "are"
* genres: noun -> context noun?, because its counted
* representative: adjetive -> context adjetive?
* evolved: verb -> context verb? it posses a "had" before
* mainstream: noun  -> context noun?
* resemblance: noun (1) -> context noun (it's striking)
* lyrics: noun (2) -> noun
* motifs: noun? -> nouns


## Exersice

Conversation 1
    Painting: e
	Woman's description: realistic, very detailed on the grapes, peaceful
	¿Negative or positive?: positive

	Man's description: boring, doesn't express any feelings.
	¿Negative or positive?: negative

Conversation 2
    Painting: a
	Woman's description: has too few colors. 
	¿Negative or positive?: negative
	
	Man's description: dramatic, colorful, like a window in a strange place
	¿Negative or positive?: positive

Conversation 3
    Painting: c
	Woman's description: it's beautiful but it's not relaxing.
	¿Negative or positive?: Neutral

	Man's description: It's a happy scene, it reminds of the garden
	¿Negative or positive?: positive


## Exersise

Language for spoken activity

A: What do you think about these two __________?
B: ____________ and ___________ both have_________. For example, _______________. And you? What similarity can you find?
A: Both _______________ and ___________ are ___________. For instance, _______________. How about some differences?
B: One variation between __________ and ____________ is that _________________. To illustrate, _____________. What difference do you see?
A: _____________ is different than ______________ because _________.


--
Spielberd:
Creative, innovate. likes to make plot twists along the story and focus on th FX
Eastwook: Maintains the focus on the plot, calm situations, cool persons.


--

Frida kahlo
Colorful but boring. It's hard to understand, it feels like a mix of photos
Andy Warhol
Plain and basic. Still has some nostalgic feeling full of contrast fue the the lack of colors. Expressful


--

Kayne West

Taylor Swift

--

Slash
Jimi hendrix

style. one with sick riffs and the another with crazy sweepings

--
J.K. Rowling
English books
appeared out of nowhere
sold because good and many fails

Allende
Spanish books
Communist?
born with wealth
sold because contacs



# What is public art?
## Describe it yourself
Art available for everyone to see?
Art on public spaces?

## Answer this using the video.
* How is public art different from art in a museum
    * on a museum the air tries to enforce 
* What are some advantages of public atrts
* How has the university of chicago incorporated art? who it is for?


# Compare and contrast structure

* Introduction
    * Hook
    * thesis statement
* Major point 1
    * Similarities and examples
    * Differences and examples
* Major point 2
    * Similarities and examples
    * Differences and examples
* Major point 3
    * Similarities and examples
    * Differences and examples
* Conclusion
    * Summary of thoughts
    * Final thought

## Focus - Thesis Statement #1
    ___________ some ____________ simmilarities, although they bear
    __________ superficial Despite bearing _____________ minor the differences
    between ____________ and _________ 
    are __clear/remarkable/striking/pronnounce__.

    
## Focus - Thesis Statement #2
    While some differences berween _________ and ________ 
    are __(noticeable/evident)__, the similarities 
    are __(striking/pronounced/salient)__.
